# Disclaimers

This Whitepaper and any other documents published in association with it including the related token sale terms and conditions (the Documents) relate to a potential token (Token) offering to persons (contributors) in respect of the intended development and use of the network by various participants. The Documents do not constitute an offer of securities or a promotion, invitation or solicitation for investment purposes. The Documents are not intended to be a financial services offering document or a prospectus. The token offering involves and relates to the development and use of experimental software and technologies that may not come to fruition or achieve the objectives specified in this White Paper. The purchase of Tokens represents a high risk to any contributor. Tokens do not represent equity, shares, units, royalties or rights to capital, profit or income in the network or software or in the Token issuing entity or any other entity or intellectual property associated with the network or any other public or private enterprise, corporation, foundation or other entity in any jurisdiction. The Token is not therefore intended to represent a security or similar legal interest. The purchase of Tokens involves significant risks and prior to purchasing them, you should carefully assess and take into account the potential risks including those described in the Documents and on our website. Although there may be speculation on the value of the Tokens, we disclaim any liability for the use of Tokens in this manner. A market in the Tokens may not emerge and there is no guarantee of liquidity in the trading of the Tokens nor that any markets will accept them for trading. This Whitepaper describes a future project and contains forward-looking statements that are based on our beliefs and assumptions at the present time. The project envisaged in this Whitepaper is under development and being constantly updated and accordingly, if and when the project is completed, it may differ significantly from the project set out in this whitepaper. No representation or warranty is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of any plans, future projections or prospects and nothing in the Documents is or should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to the future.
